CLOUD-283-doc-error (#191)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/users.rst

Users
=====

The Operator requires

> Kubernetes Secrets to be deployed before the Operator is started. The name of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes Secrets to be deployed before the PXC Cluster is started. The name of the
```
